POL script resource/Yukikos_shard_collection/readme.md, before:

##########################################################
#                                                        #
# This is a collection of "complete worlds" that I have  #
# collected from various places. I used quotes around    #
# complete worlds because some of the server/shard       #
# script sets are not complete worlds but were the only  #
# scripts contained in the archive that was available.   #
#                                                        #
# These are shards that were either released publicly on #
# sites such as polserver.com, yahoo script forum (now   #
# defunct), publicly visable repos or were given to me   #
# with the expressed permission that I could share them  #
# with others.                                           #
#                                                        #
# Some servers/shards I hold that I cannot release       #
# either because I was asked not to share or because     #
# they were never released publicly. I only include      #
# this paragraph to assure those who have trusted me     #
# to keep their server scripts in confidence that I      #
# value their trust and am abiding by my promise.        #
#                                                        #
# These scripts sets are spread across a wide spectrum   #
# of POL versions from POL 092 to POL 098. At least I    #
# think I have some as late as POL 098.                  #
# Most of the scripts will require major updating to     #
# be compatible with the current version of POL, 099.1   #
# at the time I created this readme.                     #
#                                                        #
# Notice of disclaimer: I cannot guarantee the quality,  #
# functionality, reliability or any other "ity" of these #
# programs (scripts). I cannot and WILL NOT provide any  #
# support for these programs (scripts).                  #
#                                                        #
# Enjoy and have fun exploring the files of shards from  #
# the past!                                              #
#                                                        #
# Yukiko "Kiko"                                          #
# Distro developer and Team Leader of the Distro         #
# Development Team.                                      #
#                                                        #
##########################################################

Commit message:

Added more Zulu Hotel shards to the POL script resource/Yukikos_shard_collection/Zulu_Hotel_Shards folder. There might be some duplication of shards.

POL script resource/Yukikos_shard_collection/readme.md, after:

##########################################################
#                                                        #
# PLEASE READ THE NEXT PARAGRAPH BEFORE DOWNLOADING      #
# THESE FILES!!!                                         #
# Some of these scripts are VERY old. Most WILL NOT      #
# compile using the current version of POL without       #
# EXTENSIVE modifcation! If you intend to use them you   #
# should learn to program in eScript and be very         #
# proficient in the language and VERY familiar with the  #
# changes that have been made to POL over the years.     #
# The file core-changes.txt contained within the ZIP     #
# file of the POL Core is extremely helpful in learning  #
# what has changed but even with this file and an        #
# exceptional knowledge of eScript, converting a set of  #
# scripts written for POL 092, for example, to run under #
# the current version of POL is extremely time consuming #
# and is not recommended. These scripts are provided for #
# for reference and archival purposes only.              #
#                                                        #
#                                                        #
# This is a collection of "complete worlds" that I have  #
# collected from various places. I used quotes around    #
# complete worlds because some of the server/shard       #
# script sets are not complete worlds but were the only  #
# scripts contained in the archive that was available.   #
#                                                        #
# These are shards that were either released publicly on #
# sites such as polserver.com, yahoo script forum (now   #
# defunct), publicly visable repos or were given to me   #
# with the expressed permission that I could share them  #
# with others.                                           #
#                                                        #
# Some servers/shards I hold that I cannot release       #
# either because I was asked not to share or because     #
# they were never released publicly. I only include      #
# this paragraph to assure those who have trusted me     #
# to keep their server scripts in confidence that I      #
# value their trust and am abiding by my promise.        #
#                                                        #
# These scripts sets are spread across a wide spectrum   #
# of POL versions from POL 092 to POL 099. At least I    #
# think I have some as late as POL 098.                  #
# Most of the scripts will require major updating to     #
# be compatible with the current version of POL, 099.1   #
# at the time I created this readme.                     #
#                                                        #
# Notice of disclaimer: I cannot guarantee the quality,  #
# functionality, reliability or any other "ity" of these #
# programs (scripts). I cannot and WILL NOT provide any  #
# support for these programs (scripts).                  #
#                                                        #
# Enjoy and have fun exploring the files of shards from  #
# the past!                                              #
#                                                        #
# Yukiko "Kiko"                                          #
# Distro developer and Team Leader of the Distro         #
# Development Team.                                      #
#                                                        #
##########################################################
